= Knife Oktawave

= DESCRIPTION:

This plugin extends Knife with the ability to manage Oktawave Cloud Instances (OCI).

= INSTALLATION:

This plugin is distributed as Ruby Gem. You can install it by running:

    gem install knife-oktawave

= CONFIGURATION:

This plugin uses the Oktawave API to manage OCI. Knife will need a valid Oktawave
login and password before it can talk to the API. You can put these in your
<tt>knife.rb</tt> file:

    knife[:oktawave_login] = 'YOUR_OKTAWAVE_LOGIN'
    knife[:oktawave_password] = 'YOUR_OKTAWAVE_PASSWORD'

Alternatively, you can supply your credentials to each knife command using the
<tt>-A</tt> and <tt>-K</tt> (or <tt>--oktawave-login</tt> and
<tt>--oktawave-password</tt>) options:

    knife oktawave oci list -A YOUR_OKTAWAVE_LOGIN -K YOUR_OKTAWAVE_PASSWORD

= SUBCOMMANDS:

This plugin provides the following Knife subcommands:

== knife oktawave oci list

Shows a list of all instances for your Oktawave account. Note that some of these
may not be currently managed by Chef server.

== knife oktawave oci show ID

Displays extended information about a selected OCI. Requires an OCI ID (returned
by "knife oktawave oci list")

== knife oktawave template list

Prints a list of all OCI templates available for tour account. A template's ID is
required to create an instance. Not all templates support an automatic Chef
bootstrap, but you can provision any instance with Knife (and perhaps install
chef-client manually). Refer to the Oktawave documentation for details.

== knife oktawave oci create -T TEMPLATE_ID -N NAME

Creates a new OCI from the selected template and bootstraps Chef on it.

== knife oktawave oci delete ID

Deletes an OCI. Use the <tt>--purge</tt> flag to delete the corresponding Chef
node and client as well.

== knife oktawave oci power off ID

Shuts down an instance.

== knife oktawave oci power on ID

Starts an instance.

== knife oktawave oci restart ID

Restarts an instance.

= LICENSE:

Author:: Marek Siemdaj (<marek.siemdaj@gmail.com>)
Copyright:: Copyright (C) 2013 Oktawave
License:: Apache License, Version 2.0

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
